1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If I am constantly on the go, I would want to use a remote repo rather than keeping all work local. 
As long as I have access to the internet, I can use GitHub to use a remote repository
and then later transfer these files to a remote location. 

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pull changes manually vs. Git automatically updating remote repo
a. because maybe there are commits on my remote repository that are different than my GitHub repo

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Differences
Forks- Cloning repositories between GitHub accounts. 
Clones- Cloning repositories between GitHub repo to local repo OR
		Cloning repositories between local repo and URL  
		Cloning repositoies between local repo and local repo
Branches- Acting on local repositories only. 
		  Enables multiple user to branch into multiple versions from any commit. 
		  Used for experimenting with code without disabling previous versions. 
		  Can be merged at the end to combine different kinds of code.

When to use one instead of another-
Forks vs. Clones
Use fork if I want to clone a GitHub repo into my GitHub repo

Clones vs. Forks
Use clones if I want to clone GitHub repo into local repo

Forks vs. Branches
Fork only involved in GitHub.
Branch involved in local repo. If a user forks a repo, they can commit a branch to their personal repo. 

Branches vs. Forks
Not wanting to commit onto GitHub, so experiemnt with branching on local repo. 

Clones vs. Branches
Clone if I want to copy an entire repo (all commits) to make own changes (i.g. forking)

Branches vs. Clones
Branch if I just want to experiment from a certain point. While I can still commit on a branch, 
these commits are not considered official parts of the repo b/c they're menat to test code. 
When tested code is finalized, I can merge the branch and the master to a new tip. 

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the state stored locally is that I don't
need to have access to the internet to see where I last pulled from. Instead, I can just look up 
and compare how many changes I've made since then. 
